Hello and welcome to this very exciting tutorial where we will create the decoder Arnon as opposed to
what we did before when we created the encoder Arnon.
Remember in this code section here we made the encoder arland function by the way I just replaced the
previous name encoder Arnon layer by anchor Arnon at the end of the previous toile.
And so in today's Statoil we're going to make another record a new work which will be this time to record
a new network of the decoder and therefore let's scroll down back.
We're going to make a new function here that we're going to call decoder underscore our.
And then record a neural network of the decoder.
So if you're ready let's begin.
So this day go to Arlan function is going to take several arguments.
Actually lots of them.
So we're going to put them one by one quite quickly.
Now that we are starting to get comfortable with all these different objects.
All right.
So the first argument is going to be the decoder underscore and deaded underscore inputs.
We already covered that.
Let's move on to the next one then the next one is going to be the decoder embeddings matrix.
So again I will provide the resources in the description of this tutorial if you want to have more details
on this.
Then the next one is going to be the and coater underscore state which I remind that a very important
thing to keep in mind is that it's the output of the encoder but that becomes the input of the decoder.
So in current state we will definitely need it for our decoder Arnon then we're going to take again
the total number of words in our corpus of answers then sequence lengths.
Again we've already seen that sequence length.
Then the Arnon underscore size which is another one of our previous arguments then the number of layers
that we called Number layers so that this time the number of layers we want to have inside the record
of a neural network of our decoder nonlawyers than what else we're going to need our word to in a dictionary.
But that can actually be any dictionary it's just an argument.
But that will of course be our answers words to any dictionary that we made in the previous part but
one data pre-processing then we're going to apply some drop out again because there are going to be
some training in the implementation of these Dakoda Arnon and therefore we are going to use to keep
underscore prob parameter to control the dropout rate.
And finally one last one.
Try to guess what it is.
It's very important.
You know it's at the heart of any neural network it is the batch size because the inputs of neural networks
whether it is in terms of flow or by torch are in two batches and we need to specify a batch size to
choose the size of these batches.
All right.
So that's it for our arguments.
And now let's start implementing this function.
So we're going to start with actually with the with syntax of Python supersized that we're making this
decode Arlan in a decoding scope.
Remember the decoding scope I explain that.
And I think tutorials ago it's a more advanced terms of the variable that will contain several data
entities and therefore what we need to start here is introduce this code.
And we're going to do it this way with a sense of flow and then from TransFair we're going to get that
variable underscore scope.
I will put that again in the resources of this lecture.
And now in quotes we're going to input that coding as the decoding underscore scope.
All right.
Now we have to add some Kallen.
And now inside the scope we're going to make everything happen.
All right.
So the first thing we need to start with is create our LSD layer.
And so as for my encoder I'm going to call it L S T M equals and then exactly the same as our encoder
we're going to get our sense of the library then from this library we're going to get the contrib module
then from the country Mulier we're going to get the Arnon submodule and from this arland submodule we're
going to get the basic LSD and sell the basic LACMA cell class that takes as inputs on you one argument
which is the Arnon size.
Remember that's exactly what we did here for the encoder we created as a layer which was same an object
of the basic LACMA cell class that takes us and put the r in incise perfect.
So we now have our Alice GM and so now that we have Arliss GM What do we do.
Well it's time to apply some drop out regularisation to reduce overfilling and improve the accuracy.
And so we're going to introduce the same variable name and Esty and underscore dropout meaning an LACMA
layer on which dropout is applied.
So LSD and dropout.
And that again will be an object of another class that we used for our encoder.
There it is.
And so we can basically copy this because it's going to be exactly the same it is going to be an object
of the drop out wrapper that needs to take the previous LACMA that we created as an object of the basic
Elsje himself last and that uses the key probe parameter controlling the dropout rate.
So let's do this let's that here T.F. contrib Arnon dropout rapper LACMA and put riprap equals keep.
Perfect.
So now we have our LACMA there with our applied but that gives us one LS gem there.
And of course we're not building a kid stuff.
Arnon we're building a stacked Ellis GM and therefore now we're going to use to multiply Arnon sell
to stack several LACMA layers with drop out applied.
And again that's exactly what we did for our encoder.
So I'm going to simply well copy this line and just below for our decoder Arnon.
Well I'm going to introduce this new variable here that will be our decoder cell.
I remind that the decoder cell is what contains the stacked LACMA layers with about applied.
So that's basically a cell LACMA layers and therefore this occurs there is going to be the taste of
what I just copied that is an object of the multi Arnon cell taken from the Arlon module of the country
module from the tents of the library which takes as input the previews LACMA layer in which drug was
applied times the number of layers we want to have in this stacked LSD layer inside the Dakota cell.
Then next step the next step is actually something new something we haven't done before.
We need to initialize some weights that will be associated to the neurons of the fully connected layers
inside our decoder.
That is the last layer and to initialize them well first we need to introduce a new variable that I'm
calling waits and we're going to initialize them by using an initializer.
That is the T.F. that truncated normal initializer.
And that will generate a truncated normal distribution of the weights.
This function takes only one argument.
We're going to choose a standard deviation which will be 0.1 and to specify this we need to answer the
following argument here which is as t d d e.
The standard deviation and that is equal to point 1.
All right so now we have our fully connected the weights initialized then next step naturally after
the weights the next step is to get the bias's so I'm introducing a new voice on here.
Biases biases and now much more simple we just need to initialize them as zeros and to do that.
We used the sense of flow function that is called zeros underscore initialiser and just some parenthesis
with nothing in sight.
All right so now we have our weights our biases for the fully connected layers.
Great.
We're ready to move on to the next step the next step is to make the output function.
And so I'm getting it out put on this core function so I'm introducing a new variable that I choose
to have the same name as the argument given in the previous function's output function.
And now we're going to use the classic Python syntax to make a function which starts with lambda.
Then the variable of this function is going to be X then.
And what comes after this column is what this function will return.
So what this function will return is some fully connectedly that will be used for the last layer of
the Arnon you know the fully connected layer comes at the very end of the record neural network.
You have the elist himself first you know the stacked LACMA in the cell.
But then at the end of the record a neural network you have the fully connected layer and therefore
that's exactly what we're making right now we already have our decoder cell composed of the stacked
S.M. layers with the drop out applied for each one.
But now we need to make effectively that fully connected layer.
And we're making this with this output function that we're making right now.
All right so let's make that good news.
We have a of function that will do that for us.
And so the first thing I'm going to do here is get of flow first.
Then again the contrib module and then this time since we are building the most classic neural network
layer it's not going to be taken from Arnon it's going to be taken from simply layers layers and from
layers we get the fully underscore connected function.
All right.
And this function now is going to take several arguments.
So the first argument is the inputs and the inputs are of course are viable X at this stage.
So here I will share with you the fully connected function in the resources of this lecture.
So check it out.
Then the second argument is going to be the number of outputs.
And that is the number of words and all the answers which is non-words here.
So non-words then the next argument is the activation function and will keep the default value which
is a loop then for the normalizer we want to normalization to specify here none then eventually we have
to enter the scope which is our decoding and this course scope that we define here as this able scope
rappings decoding.
So decoding scope then next variable is going to be Waite's underscore initializers.
So that's detents of flow argument name of this fully connected function Waite's initializers and that's
of course equal to our Waite's that we just initialize here as a truncated normal distribution with
standard deviation of 0.1.
So weights then naturally comes to biases biases.
But on the score initialiser to respect that tends to flow name biases initialiser and that's equal
to our biases that we initialized as zeros biases and that's it that makes our function that I remind
we'll create a fully connected layer which will be the last layer of our record neural network the one
of the decoder.
And if you want to take a step back you need to understand that this fully connected layers will get
the features from the previous part of the deeper and more all the previous part of the neural network
which is the stacked LACMA.
And we'll return the final scores and then using a legit like a soft Max method.
We will return the final prediction which will be the final answer.
Just realized a little typo here.
Waits like that.
And now we're ready to go.
All right.
Now the next step is to get our training predictions.
And that's going to be very easy because we have the right function for this which is not this time
function by tens of global a function that we made ourself.
And that's exactly the decode trainings that function that returns the output when decoding the training
set.
And that's exactly what we need right now.
So I'm going to introduce a new variable here that will be our training underscore predictions and that
will be equal to what is returned by this de-code training set function that we met.
And therefore I'm calling this function to code underscore training and underscore course set.
Now we simply need to enter all the arguments that we defined for this function.
And so now I'm going to input them one by one very quickly.
The first one is the interstate.
The second one is the decoder cell.
And of course cell.
The third one is the decoder underscore embedded in this court input.
The fourth one is sequence underscore length.
Then the next one is the recoating scope next one output function then they keep drub parameter.
And finally are that on score sites.
Great.
So that gives us our training predictions.
And now guess what we're going to do.
We're going to get our test predictions because we're going to do in the trainings some cross-validation
that's going to keep separately 10 percent of the training data to test demurral on it's observations.
But without using them back for the training.
So that's for the cross-validation part.
And also what we're about to make will be used to infer to predict our ultimate predations that is the
answers of the chair.
But after its training so there we go.
Let's get our test predictions but just before that we have to take our decoding scope and specify that
we want to reuse the variables that were introduced in this decoding scope.
That's important to do it.
And now we're ready to get the test predictions.
And therefore I'm introducing a new variable here test underscore predictions and this time we will
get them with the second function that we made which is the de-code tested function and that returns
exactly the test predictions.
So let's call this function right now decode underscored test and this core set.
And again we're going to input all the arguments that we defined for this function here.
That is all these guys here.
I'm going to put them one by one efficiently and so feel free to inspect the Dakotas at function if
you need more information on what we made before.
So Dakota said the first arguments we need to answer here is like for the dico trainings that function
it's the encoder state and Kirner underscore state.
Then next one the decoder cell the carousel next one.
Be careful it's not going to be the decoder embedded input.
As for the training set but I highlighted that in the previous to toile it's going to be this time of
the Khoder underscore and this underscore matrix.
All right then next argument it's going to be the key identifier of the star of string token which we're
going to get with our word to end dictionary.
And now we need answer the key of this token which is in quotes and these symbols here S O S and that
will give us exactly the key identifier mapped by the words in dictionary.
And I'm going to copy this because our next argument is going to be the key identifier of this time
that the O S tokened end of string token.
Then our next argument will be the sequence underscore length but minus 1 to not include the last token
as we did before.
All right then next argument is going to be the total number of words which we get thanks to our arguments
number words.
Then it's going to be our day coding scope which we introduced at the very beginning of this decoder
Arnon function.
The code in scope and then almost a rule we have three arguments to go the next one is the out put on
this core function then it's going to be to keep underscore prob drop out parameter.
And finally the last one we always end up with this one it is the batch underscore size.
We are always working with batch of inputs.
That's a key element to apply here.
When doing deep learning.
All right.
Bedsides that was our last argument.
Now let's do a quick check to see if everything's all right.
I'm seeing another typo that I made in this output function code subsection.
It doesn't take and as you wait with an S initializer with no s.
All right.
And the same should be fine.
So now what we're going to do is get rid of these two warnings here because basically they tell us that
we haven't used training predictions and desperate actions.
So it's time to use them and to use them there's nothing more simple because the exact thing that we
have to do now and be careful to go back to the with level and not inside the with.
Right now what we have to do is simply return our training predictions and our test predictions.
And there we go.
We're done with the decoder Arnon function.
So now I think everything is all good so we can select the whole code section to define effectively
decode Arnon function.
And there we go it's now on the console.
It's defined.
So we're ready to build our final set to sec model.
So congratulations.
We just made the Dakoda on and function that builds the record on one work at the decoder.
And so now have some excellent news for you.
We are ready to assemble everything that is basically to record neural network of the encoder and the
record renewal network and the decoder to form the whole the final sect to sect model.
And that's exactly what we'll do in the next tutorial.
Until then Id been on P.